c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.component.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.routes.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.routes.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\enums\navigation-modes.enum.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\enums\navigation-modes.enum.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\enums\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\enums\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\platform.directive.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\platform.directive.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\hyperlink.directive.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\hyperlink.directive.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\models\navigation-item.model.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\models\navigation-item.model.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\models\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\models\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\navigation.service.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\navigation.service.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\notification.service.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\notification.service.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\components\action-bar.component.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\components\action-bar.component.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\components\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\components\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\shared.module.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\shared.module.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\shared\homeView.service.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\shared\homeView.service.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\shared\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\shared\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\homeView.component.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\homeView.component.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\homeView.module.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\homeView.module.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\modules.constant.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\modules.constant.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\routes.constant.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\routes.constant.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.component.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.component.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.routes.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.routes.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.module.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.module.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.module.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\main.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\main.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.component.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.routes.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.routes.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\enums\navigation-modes.enum.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\enums\navigation-modes.enum.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\enums\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\enums\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\platform.directive.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\platform.directive.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\hyperlink.directive.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\hyperlink.directive.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\models\navigation-item.model.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\models\navigation-item.model.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\models\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\models\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\navigation.service.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\navigation.service.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\notification.service.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\notification.service.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\components\action-bar.component.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\components\action-bar.component.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\components\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\components\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\shared.module.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\shared.module.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\shared\homeView.service.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\shared\homeView.service.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\shared\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\shared\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\homeView.component.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\homeView.component.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\homeView.module.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\homeView.module.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\modules.constant.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\modules.constant.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\routes.constant.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\routes.constant.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.component.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.component.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.routes.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.routes.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.module.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.module.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.module.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\main.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\main.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.component.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.routes.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.routes.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\enums\navigation-modes.enum.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\enums\navigation-modes.enum.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\enums\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\enums\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\platform.directive.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\platform.directive.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\hyperlink.directive.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\hyperlink.directive.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\models\navigation-item.model.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\models\navigation-item.model.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\models\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\models\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\navigation.service.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\navigation.service.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\notification.service.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\notification.service.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\components\action-bar.component.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\components\action-bar.component.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\components\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\components\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\shared.module.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\shared.module.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\shared\homeView.service.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\shared\homeView.service.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\shared\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\shared\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\homeView.component.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\homeView.component.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\homeView.module.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\homeView.module.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\modules.constant.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\modules.constant.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\routes.constant.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\routes.constant.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.component.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.component.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.routes.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.routes.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.module.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.module.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.module.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\main.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\main.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.component.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.routes.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.routes.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\enums\navigation-modes.enum.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\enums\navigation-modes.enum.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\enums\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\enums\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\platform.directive.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\platform.directive.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\hyperlink.directive.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\hyperlink.directive.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\models\navigation-item.model.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\models\navigation-item.model.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\models\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\models\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\navigation.service.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\navigation.service.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\notification.service.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\notification.service.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\components\action-bar.component.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\components\action-bar.component.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\components\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\components\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\shared.module.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\shared.module.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\shared\homeView.service.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\shared\homeView.service.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\shared\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\shared\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\homeView.component.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\homeView.component.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\homeView.module.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\homeView.module.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\modules.constant.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\modules.constant.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\routes.constant.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\routes.constant.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.component.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.component.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.routes.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.routes.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.module.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.module.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.module.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\main.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\main.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.component.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.routes.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.routes.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\enums\navigation-modes.enum.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\enums\navigation-modes.enum.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\enums\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\enums\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\platform.directive.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\platform.directive.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\hyperlink.directive.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\hyperlink.directive.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\models\navigation-item.model.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\models\navigation-item.model.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\models\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\models\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\navigation.service.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\navigation.service.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\notification.service.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\notification.service.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\components\action-bar.component.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\components\action-bar.component.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\components\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\components\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\shared.module.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\shared.module.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\shared\homeView.service.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\shared\homeView.service.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\shared\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\shared\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\homeView.component.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\homeView.component.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\homeView.module.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\homeView.module.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\modules.constant.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\modules.constant.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\routes.constant.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\routes.constant.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.component.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.component.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.routes.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.routes.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.module.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.module.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.module.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\main.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\main.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.component.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.routes.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.routes.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\enums\navigation-modes.enum.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\enums\navigation-modes.enum.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\enums\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\enums\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\platform.directive.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\platform.directive.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\hyperlink.directive.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\hyperlink.directive.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\models\navigation-item.model.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\models\navigation-item.model.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\models\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\models\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\navigation.service.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\navigation.service.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\notification.service.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\notification.service.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\components\action-bar.component.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\components\action-bar.component.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\components\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\components\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\shared.module.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\shared.module.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\shared\homeView.service.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\shared\homeView.service.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\shared\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\shared\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\homeView.component.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\homeView.component.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\homeView.module.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\homeView.module.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\modules.constant.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\modules.constant.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\routes.constant.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\routes.constant.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.component.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.component.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.routes.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.routes.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.module.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.module.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.module.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\main.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\main.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.component.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.routes.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.routes.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\enums\navigation-modes.enum.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\enums\navigation-modes.enum.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\enums\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\enums\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\platform.directive.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\platform.directive.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\hyperlink.directive.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\hyperlink.directive.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\models\navigation-item.model.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\models\navigation-item.model.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\models\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\models\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\navigation.service.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\navigation.service.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\notification.service.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\notification.service.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\components\action-bar.component.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\components\action-bar.component.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\components\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\components\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\shared.module.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\shared.module.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\shared\homeView.service.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\shared\homeView.service.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\shared\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\shared\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\homeView.component.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\homeView.component.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\homeView.module.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\homeView.module.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\modules.constant.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\modules.constant.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\routes.constant.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\routes.constant.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.component.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.component.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.routes.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.routes.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.module.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.module.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.module.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\main.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\main.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.component.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.component.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.routes.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.routes.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\enums\navigation-modes.enum.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\enums\navigation-modes.enum.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\enums\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\enums\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\platform.directive.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\platform.directive.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\hyperlink.directive.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\hyperlink.directive.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\directives\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\models\navigation-item.model.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\models\navigation-item.model.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\models\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\models\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\navigation.service.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\navigation.service.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\notification.service.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\notification.service.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\services\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\components\action-bar.component.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\components\action-bar.component.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\components\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\components\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\shared.module.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\shared\shared.module.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\shared\homeView.service.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\shared\homeView.service.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\shared\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\shared\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\homeView.component.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\homeView.component.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\homeView.module.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\modules\homeView\homeView.module.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\modules.constant.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\modules.constant.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\routes.constant.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\routes.constant.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\index.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\shared\index.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.component.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.component.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.routes.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.routes.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.module.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\navigation\drawer\drawer.module.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.module.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\app.module.js.map
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\main.js
c:\users\builkpc\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Angular2Empty2\Angular2Empty2\app\main.js.map
